reverse default behavior for xattrs (#1788)
hpc/charliecloud: doc/faq.rst

   :code:`RUN`) and sometimes it’s captured for internal use (e.g., many
   :code:`git(1)` invocations).

.. _faq_xattrs:

How do I handle extended attributes in Charliecloud?
----------------------------------------------------

As noted in section :ref:`ch-image_build-cache`, Charliecloud doesn’t support
extended attributes (xattrs) by default. Support for xattrs  can be enabled for

> :code:`ch-image` and :code:`ch-convert` by specifying the :code:`--xattrs`
> option. This will make :code:`ch-image` save and restore xattrs via the build

Reviewer: possibly?

```suggestion
:code:`ch-image` and :code:`ch-convert` by specifying :code:`--xattrs`
or setting :code:`$CH_XATTRS`. This will make :code:`ch-image` save and restore xattrs via the build
```

cache, and will make :code:`ch-convert` preserve xattrs on conversion. Important
caveats include:

1. :code:`ch-image` and :code:`ch-convert` cannot read xattrs in privileged
   namespaces (e.g. :code:`trusted` and :code:`security`). Extended attributes
   in these namespaces will never be saved or restored via the cache, and will
   never be preserved when converting between image formats.

2. :code:`ch-image import` cannot handle xattrs. This is a limitation of the Python
   `tarfile <https://docs.python.org/3/library/tarfile.html>`_ library, which as of

>    version 3.12.1 doesn’t support xattrs.

Reviewer: Link to your CPython issue maybe?
